# Introducing myself - video resume | Careers | #025

Creation date: 13th September 2020

Video link: https://youtu.be/gLn8BADTA5k

# Introduction

1. Hi. Thanks for stopping by on such a great day. I am so happy that you are finally here.
2. I am Naga and it is my pleasure to tell you a little about me.
3. I am a frontend developer best known for creating highly performing web applications using the most modern technical solutions which stood the test of time.
4. In my 10 years career, I delivered many successful applications which are secure, scalable, modular and accessible.
5. I simply love coding UIs. I love working on blazing fast apps that take the user experience from being just normal to down-right phenomenal, while still having such elegance as that of a native app.
6. My best work is in React.js, Node.js and ES6. But I have also mastered many popular JavaScript based frameworks and libraries.
7. I can't wait to meet you and discuss your business goals and tell you how I, as a developer, can help you achieve them.
8. So, I hope to see you soon, have a nice day.

# Links

My portfolio site: https://thebestdeveloper.me
My technical content and blogs: https://nagakonada.com

Please subscribe to my channel for more such web developer tips and tutorials.

# All tags

introduction, portfolio, thebestdeveloper, naga, konada, nagakonada, the, best, developer, introducing, myself, personal, business, frontend, goals, applications, apps, blazing, fast, modern, technical, solutions, solution, career, video, resume, react.js, react, js, node.js, node, es6, ecmascript, ecmascript6, framework, frameworks, library, libraries
